Add `aggregatorMergeStrategy` property in SegmentMetadata queries (#14560)
apache/druid: docs/querying/segmentmetadataquery.md

|merge|Merge all individual segment metadata results into a single result|no|
|context|See [Context](../querying/query-context.md)|no|
|analysisTypes|A list of Strings specifying what column properties (e.g. cardinality, size) should be calculated and returned in the result. Defaults to ["cardinality", "interval", "minmax"], but can be overridden with using the [segment metadata query config](../configuration/index.md#segmentmetadata-query-config). See section [analysisTypes](#analysistypes) for more details.|no|

> |aggregatorMergeStrategy| The strategy used to merge aggregators across segments. If true, and if the "aggregators" analysisType is enabled, it defaults to "strict". Possible values include "strict", "lenient" and "latest". See [below](#aggregatormergestrategy) for details.|no|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|aggregatorMergeStrategy| The strategy Druid uses to merge aggregators across segments. If true and if the `aggregators` analysis type is enabled, `aggregatorMergeStrategy` defaults to `strict`. Possible values include `strict`, `lenient`, and `latest`. See [aggregatorMergeStrategy](#aggregatormergestrategy) for details.|no|
```

> |lenientAggregatorMerge|Deprecated: Use aggregatorMergeStrategy property instead. If true, and if the "aggregators" analysisType is enabled, aggregators will be merged leniently. See below for details.|no|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|lenientAggregatorMerge|Deprecated. Use `aggregatorMergeStrategy` property instead. If true, and if the `aggregators` analysis type is enabled, aggregators are merged leniently.|no|
```

* `aggregators` in the result will contain the list of aggregators usable for querying metric columns. This may be
null if the aggregators are unknown or unmergeable (if merging is enabled).

> * Merging can be `strict`, `lenient` or `latest`. See [`aggregatorMergeStrategy`](#aggregatormergestrategy) below for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Merging can be `strict`, `lenient`, or `latest`. See [`aggregatorMergeStrategy`](#aggregatormergestrategy) for details.
```

* `rollup` in the result is true/false/null.
* When merging is enabled, if some are rollup, others are not, result is null.

### aggregatorMergeStrategy

Conflicts between aggregator metadata across segments can occur if some segments have unknown aggregators, or if

> two segments use incompatible aggregators for the same column (e.g. `longSum` changed to `doubleSum`). The following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
two segments use incompatible aggregators for the same column, such as `longSum` changed to `doubleSum`. The following
```

> aggregator merge strategies are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Druid supports the following aggregator merge strategies:
```

> - `strict`:  If there are any segments with unknown aggregators, or any conflicts of any kind, the merged aggregators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `strict`:  If there are any segments with unknown aggregators or any conflicts of any kind, the merged aggregators
```

>   list will be `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  list is `null`.
```

> - `lenient`:  Segments with unknown aggregators will be ignored, and conflicts between aggregators will only null out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `lenient`:  Druid ignores segments with unknown aggregators. Conflicts between aggregators send the aggregator for that particular column to null.
```
I am not sure if this changes the original meaning but consider avoiding future tense and passive voice.

> - `lenient`:  Druid ignores segments with unknown aggregators. Conflicts between aggregators send the aggregator for that particular column to null.

Author: ```suggestion
- `lenient`:  Druid ignores segments with unknown aggregators. Conflicts between aggregators set the aggregator for that particular column to null.
```

- the aggregator for that particular column.

> - `latest`: In the event of conflicts between segments, the aggregator from the most recent segment will be selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `latest`: In the event of conflicts between segments, Druid selects the aggregator from the most recent segment
```

   for that particular column.

### lenientAggregatorMerge (deprecated)

> This property is deprecated - consider using [`aggregatorMergeStrategy`](#aggregatormergestrategy) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated. Use [`aggregatorMergeStrategy`](#aggregatormergestrategy) instead.
```
